README.md, before:

# CSV parser

This class uses `fgetcsv` to parse a file or a string, extract columns and
provide per-column method to manipulate data.

It comes with a basic error handling, so it is possible to collect all errors
in the CSV resource and, then, do something with this array of errors.

The process is very quick and uses all the power of `fgetcsv`. Very small code
is added around it to provide all the functionalities. It is mainly up to you
to be aware of what your methods do and how many memory they use.

## Install

Via Composer

Create a composer.json file in your project root:
``` json
{
    "require": {
        "voilab/csv": "^0.4.0"
    }
}
```

``` bash
$ composer require voilab/csv
```

### Install PHP5 compatible version

``` json
{
    "require": {
        "voilab/csv": "dev-feature/php5"
    }
}
```

## Usage

### Available methods

```php
$parser = new \voilab\csv\Parser($defaultOptions = []);

$result = $parser->fromString($str = "A;B\n1;test", $options = []);

// or
$result = $parser->fromFile($file = '/path/file.csv', $options = []);

// or with a raw resource (fopen, fsockopen, php://memory, etc)
$result = $parser->fromResource($resource, $options = []);
```

### Simple example

```php
$parser = new \voilab\csv\Parser([
    'delimiter' => ';',
    'columns' => [
        'A' => function (string $data) {
            return (int) $data;
        },
        'B' => function (string $data) {
            return get_object_from_db_or_cache($data);
        }
    ]
]);

$csv = <<<CSV
A; B
4; hello
2; world
CSV;

$result = $parser->fromString($csv);

foreach ($result as $row) {
    $row['B']->someMethod();
    var_dump($row['A']); // int
}
```

### Full example

```php
$parser->fromFile('file.csv', [
    // fgetcsv
    'delimiter' => ',',
    'enclosure' => '"',
    'escape' => '\\',
    'length' => 0,
    // headers management
    'headers' => true,
    'strictHeaders' => true,
    // big files
    'start' => 0,
    'size' => 0,
    // data pre-manipulation
    'autotrim' => true,
    'onBeforeColumnParse' => function (string $data) {
        return utf8_encode($data);
    },
    // data post-manipulation
    'onRowParsed' => function (array $row) {
        $row['other_stuff'] = do_some_stuff($row);
        return $row;
    },
    'onError' => function (\Exception $e, int $index) {
        throw new \Exception($e->getMessage() . ": at line $index");
    }
    // CSV columns definition
    'columns' => [
        'A as id' => function (string $data) {
            return (int) $data;
        },
        'B as firstname' => function (string $data) {
            return ucfirst($data);
        },
        'C as name' => function (string $data) {
            if (!$data) {
                throw new \Exception("Name is mandatory and is missing");
            }
            return ucfirst($data);
        }
    ]
]);
```

## Documentation

### Options

These are the options you can provide at constructor level or when calling
`from*` methods. Details for `fgetcsv` options can be found here:
https://php.net/fgetcsv


| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| delimiter | `string` | `,` | `fgetcsv` the delimiter |
| enclosure | `string` | `"` | `fgetcsv` the enclosure string. To tell PHP there isn't enclosure, set to and empty string |
| escape | `string` | `\\` | `fgetcsv` the escape string |
| length | `int` | `0` | `fgetcsv` the line length |
| headers | `bool` | `true` | Tells that CSV resource has the first line as headers |
| strictHeaders | `bool` | `true` | The columns in the CSV resource must match exactly [columns] option  |
| start | `int` | `0` | Line index to start with. Used in big files, in conjunction with [size] option. The first index of data is `0`, regardless of headers |
| size | `int` | `0` | Number of lines to process. `0` ignores [start] and [size] |
| autotrim | `bool` | `true` | Trim all cell content, so you have always trimmed data in you columns functions |
| onBeforeColumnParse | `callable` | `null` | Method called just before any defined column method |
| onRowParsed | `callable` | `null` | Method called when a row has finished parsing |
| onError | `callable` | `null` | Method called when an error occurs, at column and at row level |
| columns | `array` |  | CSV columns definition (see examples). This option is required |

### Column function parameters

When defining a function for a column, you have access to these parameters:

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| $data | `string` | The first argument will always be a string. It is the cell content (trimmed if `autotrim` is set to true) |
| $index | `int` | The line index actually parsed. Correspond to the line number in the CSV resource (taken headers into account) |
| $row | `array` | The entire row data, **raw from `fgetcsv`**. These datas **are not** the result of the columns functions |
| $parsed | `array` | The parsed data from previous columns (columns are handled one after the other) |
| $meta | `array` | The current column information |
| $options | `array` | The options array |

> The function returns `?mixed` value.

```php
$parser->fromFile('file.csv', [
    'columns' => [
        // minimal usage
        'col1' => function (string $data) {
            return $data;
        },
        // complete usage
        'col2' => function (string $data, int $index, array $row, array $parsed, array $meta, array $options) {
            return $data;
        }
    ]
]);
```

> If the column you defined in your code doesn't exist in CSV resource **and**
> `strictHeaders` is set to `false`, the `$meta` argument will have a flag
> `phantom` set to `true`. This is the way to know if the column exists or not
> in the CSV resource during parsing.

### On before column parse function parameters

Just before any CSV column data is parsed, a standard method is called so you
can operate the same way on every rows and columns data. You can use that to
manage encoding, for example.

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| $data | `string` | The first argument will always be a string. It is the cell content (trimmed if `autotrim` is set to true) |
| $index | `int` | The line index actually parsed. Correspond to the line number in the CSV resource (taken headers into account) |
| $meta | `array` | The current column information |
| $options | `array` | The options array |

> The function should return a `string`. Be aware of type declaration in your
> columns functions if you want to return other types from here.

```php
$parser->fromFile('file.csv', [
    // minimal usage
    'onBeforeColumnParse' => function (string $data) : string {
        return utf8_encode($data);
    },
    // complete ussage
    'onBeforeColumnParse' => function (string $data, int $index, array $meta, array $options) : string
    {
        return utf8_encode($data);
    }
]);
```

### On row parsed function parameters

When a row is completed, you can do something with all that data.

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| $rowData | `array` | All the data parsed, for all the columns |
| $index | `int` | The line index actually parsed. Correspond to the line number in the CSV resource (taken headers into account) |
| $parsed | `array` | The parsed data from previous rows (rows are handled one after the other) |
| $options | `array` | The options array |

> The function returns a multidimensional `array` of `?mixed` values.

```php
$parser->fromFile('file.csv', [
    // minmal usage
    'onRowParsed' => function (array $rowData) {
        return $rowData;
    }
    // complete usage
    'onRowParsed' => function (array $rowData, int $index, array $parsed, array $options) : array
    {
        return $rowData;
    }
]);
```

### Aliasing columns

You can define aliases for columns to ease data manipulation. Just write ` as `
to activate this functionality, like `CSV column name as alias`.

Alias **must not** itself contain ` as ` string. But in the CSV resource, the
header can have such a string.

> Note that if you have ` as ` in a CSV resource header, you **must** alias it
> in the columns definitions. Otherwise, the parser will not find this column.


```php
$str = <<<CSV
A; B    ; Just as I said
4; hello; hey
2; world; hi
CSV;

$parser = new \voilab\csv\Parser();

$result = $parser->fromString($str, [
    'delimiter' => ';',
    'columns' => [
        'A as id' => function (string $data) {
            return (int) $data;
        },
        'B as content' => function (string $data) {
            return ucfirst($data);
        },
        'Just as I said as notes' => function (string $data) {
            return $data;
        }
    ]
]);
print_r($result);

/* prints:
Array (
    [0] => Array (
        [id] => 4
        [content] => Hello
        [notes] => hey
    )
    [1] => Array (
        [id] => 9
        [content] => World
        [notes] => hi
    )
)
*/
```

### Shuffling columns when defining them

You can define your columns in any order you want. You don't need to provide
them in the order they appear in the CSV. You just have to match your keys with
a header in the CSV resource.

> Note that the execution order of the columns are aligned with your code.
> In the example below, the function `A()` is called after `B()`, even if
> column A appears first in CSV resource.

```php
$str = <<<CSV
A; B
4; hello
2; world
CSV;

$parser = new \voilab\csv\Parser();

$result = $parser->fromString($str, [
    'delimiter' => ';',
    'columns' => [
        'B' => function (string $data) {
            // first call
            return ucfirst($data);
        },
        'A' => function (string $data) {
            // second call
            return (int) $data;
        }
    ]
]);
print_r($result);

/* prints:
Array (
    [0] => Array (
        [B] => Hello
        [A] => 4
    )
    [1] => Array (
        [B] => World
        [A] => 9
    )
)
*/
```

### Line endings problems

Just as stated in official documentation, if you have problems with recognition
in line endings, you can use the method below to activate auto detect.

`$parser->autoDetectLineEndings($value = true);`

> Note that auto detect is not reseted to initial value after the parsing has
> finished.

### Error management

You can use the `onError` option to collect all errors, so you can give a
message to the user with all errors in the file you found, in one shot.

You can stop the process of a row by checking the `$meta` argument. It has a
key `type` which can be `row` or `column`. If it's `column`, you can throw the
error and it will call `onError` again, but with type `row`. Other columns will
be skipped for this row.

```php
$errors = [];
$data = $parser->fromFile('file.csv', [
    'onError' => function (\Exception $e, int $index, array $meta, array $options) use (&$errors) {
        $errors[] = "Line [$index]: " . $e->getMessage();
        // do nothing more, so next columns and next lines can be parsed too.
    },
    'columns' => [
        'email' => function (string $data) {
            // accept null email but validate it if there's one
            if ($data && !filter_var($data, FILTER_VALIDATE_EMAIL)) {
                throw new \Exception("The email [$data] is invalid");
            }
            return $data ?: null;
        }
    ]
]);
if (count($errors)) {
    // now print in some ways all the errors found
    print_r($errors);
} else {
    // everything went well, put data in db on whatever
}
```
## Working with database, column optimization

When parsing large set of data, if one column is, for example, a user ID, it's
a bad idea to call a `find($id)` method for each CSV row iteration. It's better
to take all column values, and call for a `findByIds($ids)`.

The build-in class `Optimizer` allows you to define a column this way. It takes
two arguments. The first is the function needed to parse value from CSV column.
The second is a reduce function. It recieves all data of the column, and must
return an indexed array.

For example, if you have 2 rows with values `a` and `b`, the indexed result of
the reduce function would be `Array ( a => something, b => something else )`.

### Documentation

#### Parse function

Same as Column function (see above)

#### Reduce function

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| $data | `array` | All the data parsed, for the column |
| $meta | `array` | The current column information |
| $options | `array` | The options array |

> Returns an indexed array. If there's no correspondance between CSV column
> values and the result of the reduce function, the column value will be set to
> the initial value. For example, if values are [1, 2], they are used in
> database query to find users by id, and user with ID 2 doesn't exist, the final
> result will be Array( Array( colA => User (id=1) ), Array( colA => 2 ) )

### Example

```php
$str = <<<CSV
A; B
4; John
2; Sybille
CSV;

$database = some_database_abstraction();

$data = $parser->fromResource($resource, [
    'delimiter' => ';',
    'columns' => [
        'A as user' => new \voilab\csv\Optimizer(
            function (string $data) {
                return (int) $data;
            },
            function (array $data) use ($database) {
                $query = 'SELECT * FROM user WHERE id IN(?)';
                $users = $database->query($query, array_unique($data));
                return array_reduce($users, function ($acc, $user) {
                    $acc[$user->id] = $user;
                    return $acc;
                }, []);
            }
        ),
        'B as firstname' => function (string $data) {
            return $data;
        }
    ]
]);
print_r($result);

/* prints:
Array (
    [0] => Array (
        [A] => User ( id => 4, firstname => Johnny )
        [B] => John
    )
    [1] => Array (
        [A] => User( id => 2, firstname => Sybilly )
        [B] => Sybille
    )
)
*/
```
## Testing
```
$ phpunit
```
## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please use the issue tracker.

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see License File for more information.

Commit message:

managment of absent data when reducing

README.md, after:

# CSV parser

This class uses `fgetcsv` to parse a file or a string, extract columns and
provide per-column method to manipulate data.

It comes with a basic error handling, so it is possible to collect all errors
in the CSV resource and, then, do something with this array of errors.

The process is very quick and uses all the power of `fgetcsv`. Very small code
is added around it to provide all the functionalities. It is mainly up to you
to be aware of what your methods do and how many memory they use.

## Install

Via Composer

Create a composer.json file in your project root:
``` json
{
    "require": {
        "voilab/csv": "^0.4.0"
    }
}
```

``` bash
$ composer require voilab/csv
```

### Install PHP5 compatible version

``` json
{
    "require": {
        "voilab/csv": "dev-feature/php5"
    }
}
```

## Usage

### Available methods

```php
$parser = new \voilab\csv\Parser($defaultOptions = []);

$result = $parser->fromString($str = "A;B\n1;test", $options = []);

// or
$result = $parser->fromFile($file = '/path/file.csv', $options = []);

// or with a raw resource (fopen, fsockopen, php://memory, etc)
$result = $parser->fromResource($resource, $options = []);
```

### Simple example

```php
$parser = new \voilab\csv\Parser([
    'delimiter' => ';',
    'columns' => [
        'A' => function (string $data) {
            return (int) $data;
        },
        'B' => function (string $data) {
            return get_object_from_db_or_cache($data);
        }
    ]
]);

$csv = <<<CSV
A; B
4; hello
2; world
CSV;

$result = $parser->fromString($csv);

foreach ($result as $row) {
    $row['B']->someMethod();
    var_dump($row['A']); // int
}
```

### Full example

```php
$parser->fromFile('file.csv', [
    // fgetcsv
    'delimiter' => ',',
    'enclosure' => '"',
    'escape' => '\\',
    'length' => 0,
    // headers management
    'headers' => true,
    'strictHeaders' => true,
    // big files
    'start' => 0,
    'size' => 0,
    // data pre-manipulation
    'autotrim' => true,
    'onBeforeColumnParse' => function (string $data) {
        return utf8_encode($data);
    },
    // data post-manipulation
    'onRowParsed' => function (array $row) {
        $row['other_stuff'] = do_some_stuff($row);
        return $row;
    },
    'onError' => function (\Exception $e, int $index) {
        throw new \Exception($e->getMessage() . ": at line $index");
    }
    // CSV columns definition
    'columns' => [
        'A as id' => function (string $data) {
            return (int) $data;
        },
        'B as firstname' => function (string $data) {
            return ucfirst($data);
        },
        'C as name' => function (string $data) {
            if (!$data) {
                throw new \Exception("Name is mandatory and is missing");
            }
            return ucfirst($data);
        }
    ]
]);
```

## Documentation

### Options

These are the options you can provide at constructor level or when calling
`from*` methods. Details for `fgetcsv` options can be found here:
https://php.net/fgetcsv


| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| delimiter | `string` | `,` | `fgetcsv` the delimiter |
| enclosure | `string` | `"` | `fgetcsv` the enclosure string. To tell PHP there isn't enclosure, set to and empty string |
| escape | `string` | `\\` | `fgetcsv` the escape string |
| length | `int` | `0` | `fgetcsv` the line length |
| headers | `bool` | `true` | Tells that CSV resource has the first line as headers |
| strictHeaders | `bool` | `true` | The columns in the CSV resource must match exactly [columns] option  |
| start | `int` | `0` | Line index to start with. Used in big files, in conjunction with [size] option. The first index of data is `0`, regardless of headers |
| size | `int` | `0` | Number of lines to process. `0` ignores [start] and [size] |
| autotrim | `bool` | `true` | Trim all cell content, so you have always trimmed data in you columns functions |
| onBeforeColumnParse | `callable` | `null` | Method called just before any defined column method |
| onRowParsed | `callable` | `null` | Method called when a row has finished parsing |
| onError | `callable` | `null` | Method called when an error occurs, at column and at row level |
| columns | `array` |  | CSV columns definition (see examples). This option is required |

### Column function parameters

When defining a function for a column, you have access to these parameters:

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| $data | `string` | The first argument will always be a string. It is the cell content (trimmed if `autotrim` is set to true) |
| $index | `int` | The line index actually parsed. Correspond to the line number in the CSV resource (taken headers into account) |
| $row | `array` | The entire row data, **raw from `fgetcsv`**. These datas **are not** the result of the columns functions |
| $parsed | `array` | The parsed data from previous columns (columns are handled one after the other) |
| $meta | `array` | The current column information |
| $options | `array` | The options array |

> The function returns `?mixed` value.

```php
$parser->fromFile('file.csv', [
    'columns' => [
        // minimal usage
        'col1' => function (string $data) {
            return $data;
        },
        // complete usage
        'col2' => function (string $data, int $index, array $row, array $parsed, array $meta, array $options) {
            return $data;
        }
    ]
]);
```

> If the column you defined in your code doesn't exist in CSV resource **and**
> `strictHeaders` is set to `false`, the `$meta` argument will have a flag
> `phantom` set to `true`. This is the way to know if the column exists or not
> in the CSV resource during parsing.

### On before column parse function parameters

Just before any CSV column data is parsed, a standard method is called so you
can operate the same way on every rows and columns data. You can use that to
manage encoding, for example.

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| $data | `string` | The first argument will always be a string. It is the cell content (trimmed if `autotrim` is set to true) |
| $index | `int` | The line index actually parsed. Correspond to the line number in the CSV resource (taken headers into account) |
| $meta | `array` | The current column information |
| $options | `array` | The options array |

> The function should return a `string`. Be aware of type declaration in your
> columns functions if you want to return other types from here.

```php
$parser->fromFile('file.csv', [
    // minimal usage
    'onBeforeColumnParse' => function (string $data) : string {
        return utf8_encode($data);
    },
    // complete ussage
    'onBeforeColumnParse' => function (string $data, int $index, array $meta, array $options) : string
    {
        return utf8_encode($data);
    }
]);
```

### On row parsed function parameters

When a row is completed, you can do something with all that data.

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| $rowData | `array` | All the data parsed, for all the columns |
| $index | `int` | The line index actually parsed. Correspond to the line number in the CSV resource (taken headers into account) |
| $parsed | `array` | The parsed data from previous rows (rows are handled one after the other) |
| $options | `array` | The options array |

> The function returns a multidimensional `array` of `?mixed` values.

```php
$parser->fromFile('file.csv', [
    // minmal usage
    'onRowParsed' => function (array $rowData) {
        return $rowData;
    }
    // complete usage
    'onRowParsed' => function (array $rowData, int $index, array $parsed, array $options) : array
    {
        return $rowData;
    }
]);
```

### Aliasing columns

You can define aliases for columns to ease data manipulation. Just write ` as `
to activate this functionality, like `CSV column name as alias`.

Alias **must not** itself contain ` as ` string. But in the CSV resource, the
header can have such a string.

> Note that if you have ` as ` in a CSV resource header, you **must** alias it
> in the columns definitions. Otherwise, the parser will not find this column.


```php
$str = <<<CSV
A; B    ; Just as I said
4; hello; hey
2; world; hi
CSV;

$parser = new \voilab\csv\Parser();

$result = $parser->fromString($str, [
    'delimiter' => ';',
    'columns' => [
        'A as id' => function (string $data) {
            return (int) $data;
        },
        'B as content' => function (string $data) {
            return ucfirst($data);
        },
        'Just as I said as notes' => function (string $data) {
            return $data;
        }
    ]
]);
print_r($result);

/* prints:
Array (
    [0] => Array (
        [id] => 4
        [content] => Hello
        [notes] => hey
    )
    [1] => Array (
        [id] => 9
        [content] => World
        [notes] => hi
    )
)
*/
```

### Shuffling columns when defining them

You can define your columns in any order you want. You don't need to provide
them in the order they appear in the CSV. You just have to match your keys with
a header in the CSV resource.

> Note that the execution order of the columns are aligned with your code.
> In the example below, the function `A()` is called after `B()`, even if
> column A appears first in CSV resource.

```php
$str = <<<CSV
A; B
4; hello
2; world
CSV;

$parser = new \voilab\csv\Parser();

$result = $parser->fromString($str, [
    'delimiter' => ';',
    'columns' => [
        'B' => function (string $data) {
            // first call
            return ucfirst($data);
        },
        'A' => function (string $data) {
            // second call
            return (int) $data;
        }
    ]
]);
print_r($result);

/* prints:
Array (
    [0] => Array (
        [B] => Hello
        [A] => 4
    )
    [1] => Array (
        [B] => World
        [A] => 9
    )
)
*/
```

### Line endings problems

Just as stated in official documentation, if you have problems with recognition
in line endings, you can use the method below to activate auto detect.

`$parser->autoDetectLineEndings($value = true);`

> Note that auto detect is not reseted to initial value after the parsing has
> finished.

### Error management

You can use the `onError` option to collect all errors, so you can give a
message to the user with all errors in the file you found, in one shot.

You can stop the process of a row by checking the `$meta` argument. It has a
key `type` which can be `row` or `column`. If it's `column`, you can throw the
error and it will call `onError` again, but with type `row`. Other columns will
be skipped for this row.

If you use an optimizer, you can call an Exception from there too. The key
`type` will then have the value `optimizer`.

```php
$errors = [];
$data = $parser->fromFile('file.csv', [
    'onError' => function (\Exception $e, int $index, array $meta, array $options) use (&$errors) {
        $errors[] = "Line [$index]: " . $e->getMessage();
        // do nothing more, so next columns and next lines can be parsed too.
    },
    'columns' => [
        'email' => function (string $data) {
            // accept null email but validate it if there's one
            if ($data && !filter_var($data, FILTER_VALIDATE_EMAIL)) {
                throw new \Exception("The email [$data] is invalid");
            }
            return $data ?: null;
        }
    ]
]);
if (count($errors)) {
    // now print in some ways all the errors found
    print_r($errors);
} else {
    // everything went well, put data in db on whatever
}
```

## Working with database, column optimization

When parsing large set of data, if one column is, for example, a user ID, it's
a bad idea to call a `find($id)` method for each CSV row iteration. It's better
to take all column values, and call for a `findByIds($ids)`.

The build-in class `Optimizer` allows you to define a column this way. It takes
three arguments. The first is the function needed to parse value from CSV.
The second is a reduce function. It recieves all data of the column, and must
return an indexed array.

For example, if you have 2 rows with values `a` and `b`, the indexed result of
the reduce function would be `Array ( a => something, b => something else )`.

### Documentation

#### Parse function

Same as Column function (see above)

#### Reduce function

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| $data | `array` | All the data parsed, for the column |
| $meta | `array` | The current column information |
| $options | `array` | The options array |

> Returns an indexed array. If there's no correspondance between CSV column
> values and the result of the reduce function, the column value will be set to
> the initial value. For example, if values are [10, 22], they are used in
> database query to find users by id, and user with ID 22 doesn't exist, the
> result will be `Array ( 10 => User(id=10), 22 => 22 )``

#### Absent function

When a value is not found in the reduced function, the default behaviour is to
set the value (like there wasn't any reduce function for this row). You can
override this by defining the absent function, and do what you want with the
value.

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| $value | `mixed` | The data parsed for the column |
| $meta | `array` | The current column information |
| $options | `array` | The options array |

> If you have defined an error function, it will be called with a type of
> `optimizer` (check error management above).

### Example

```php
$str = <<<CSV
A; B
4; John
2; Sybille
CSV;

$database = some_database_abstraction();

$data = $parser->fromResource($resource, [
    'delimiter' => ';',
    'columns' => [
        'A as user' => new \voilab\csv\Optimizer(
            function (string $data) {
                return (int) $data;
            },
            function (array $data) use ($database) {
                $query = 'SELECT * FROM user WHERE id IN(?)';
                $users = $database->query($query, array_unique($data));
                return array_reduce($users, function ($acc, $user) {
                    $acc[$user->id] = $user;
                    return $acc;
                }, []);
            },
            // data is [int] because the first function returns an [int]
            function (int $data) {
                throw new \Exception("User with id $data doesn't exist!");
            }
        ),
        'B as firstname' => function (string $data) {
            return $data;
        }
    ]
]);
print_r($result);

/* prints:
Array (
    [0] => Array (
        [A] => User ( id => 4, firstname => Johnny )
        [B] => John
    )
    [1] => Array (
        [A] => User( id => 2, firstname => Sybilly )
        [B] => Sybille
    )
)
*/
```
## Testing
```
$ phpunit
```
## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please use the issue tracker.

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see License File for more information.
